JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
GWEN IFILL: And I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We bring you the
"NewsHour"
tonight from the Wells Fargo
Center in Philadelphia,
site of this week's Democratic
National Convention.
GWEN IFILL: It's day two here.
Delegates are set to make
history by nominating
a woman for the first time to
top a major
party's presidential ticket.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And with
President Bill Clinton
speaking tonight, we look back
at a different
kind of first lady, in part two
of our Hillary
biography series: the ups and
downs of her
eight years in the White House.
DAVID GERGEN, Former White House
Aide: She
knows the issues better than
anybody I know,
including her husband.
That was threatening to some
people, to some
voters.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan
in Washington.
We will have all the
non-convention news of
the day, including polluted
water, corruption,
and a crumbling economy -- why
Venezuela's
oil problem is crippling the
country.
JOSE GREGORIO GARCIA, Fisherman
(through translator):
The oil goes to the bottom of
the lake.
That's where the crab is.
It migrates, or dies, or gets
covered with
petroleum, and when it's stained
like that,
no one will buy it.
GWEN IFILL: All that and more on
tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
GWEN IFILL: Hillary Clinton once
called it
the highest, hardest glass
ceiling, the barrier
to a woman becoming president of
the United
States.
Tonight, she's being named the
Democratic
presidential nominee, after
turning away a
vigorous primary challenge from
Bernie Sanders
that extended this week onto the
streets of
Philadelphia and the floor of
the convention.
In fact, behind us now, the
delegates have
begun to cast their votes.
We will come back to that a
little later,
but, first, correspondent Lisa
Desjardins
begins our coverage.
MAN: Bernie Sanders!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
LISA DESJARDINS: This is Hillary
Clinton's
nomination night, but Bernie
Sanders still
got a standing ovation from New
York delegates
this morning as he pushed again
for uniting
against Donald Trump.
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS (VT-I),
Presidential Candidate:
We must defeat the worst
Republican candidate
in modern history of this
country.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
LISA DESJARDINS: But it's not
all unity yet.
A Sanders backer touched off a
shouting match
at a Texas delegation breakfast.
MAN: We want to be clear.
We are currently condemning our
current presumptive
nominee.
(BOOING)
MAN: You folks need to grow up.
You need to grow up.
WOMAN: Get out of here.
She won.
LISA DESJARDINS: Vice President
Biden played
down the divisions as he walked
through the
convention floor, chatting with
delegates
and saying that he thinks
Sanders supporters
will rally behind Clinton in the
end.
JOSEPH BIDEN, Vice President of
the United
States: We have to be a little
graceful here.
You know, the senator, the
delegates worked
their tail off.
And they're here in large
numbers.
They get a chance, man.
Give them a chance.
I promise you they're going to
be fine.
LISA DESJARDINS: After this
evening's state-by-state
roll call vote, the focus shifts
to Hillary
Clinton's experience, and the
delegates hear
from top Democrats, past and
present.
The Democratic women of the U.S.
House, led
by Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi,
will take
the stage early.
Former Attorney General Eric
Holder will speak
to Clinton's stand on social
justice.
And former President Bill
Clinton will round
out the night, making the case
for his wife.
Republican Donald Trump had a
decidedly different
take at the Veterans of Foreign
Wars Convention
in Charlotte, North Carolina.
He roundly criticized Clinton
and the Democrats
gathered in Philadelphia for
making no mention
of the Islamic State or threat
of terrorism
so far.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
We need to change our foreign
policy to focus
on defeating and destroying
ISIS, a word you
didn't hear last night at the
Democrat Convention.
You didn't hear about it.
They don't want to talk about
it, because
in a very true way they really
established
ISIS because of weakness.
LISA DESJARDINS: Meanwhile, at
an economic
summit in Laos, Secretary of
State John Kerry
raised Moscow's alleged
involvement in hacking
the Democratic National
Committee's e-mails.
But Russian Foreign Minister
Sergei Lavrov
dismissed the issue.
QUESTION: What do you say of
U.S. accusations
that Russia hacked the
Democratic Party's
e-mails?
SERGEI LAVROV, Russian Foreign
Minister: Well,
I don't want to use four-letter
words.
LISA DESJARDINS: The Clinton
campaign said
today there's no evidence that
its e-mail
system has been breached.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Next, we head
down to the convention
floor, where NPR's "Weekend
Edition Sunday"
host Rachel Martin is standing
by.
Rachel is joining us every night
this week
as part of our joint "PBS
NewsHour"/NPR convention
coverage.
So, Rachel, what should are you
looking for
tonight?
RACHEL MARTIN: Hi, Judy.
Well, yes, as you can hear
behind me, the
roll call is still going on,
and, as was mentioned
in that piece that just preceded
me, history
is happening here tonight.
And the Democratic Party is
hoping that history
can help heal the divisions that
still exist
between Bernie Sanders
supporters and those
in this arena who are supporting
Hillary Clinton.
There will be a whole slew of
speaks on this
stage tonight who will be making
the case
for Hillary Clinton.
The theme of the campaign
tonight is supposed
to focus on Hillary Clinton's
experience,
sticking up for children and
families over
her career.
To that end, we're going to hear
from the
so-called mothers of the
movement.
These are the mothers of Eric
Garner, Trayvon
Martin, Sandra Bland and others,
who will
be addressing the issue of
police brutality
in this country, race relations.
We will also be hearing an
important speech
tonight from former President
Bill Clinton.
By our count, it will be the
eighth time that
President Clinton has addressed
the Democratic
National Convention.
This will be, perhaps, the most
important
speech he has ever given in this
arena, as
he endorses his own wife for
president of
the United States -- back to
you, Judy and
Gwen.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Making history,
Rachel.
We will be glued to all of it.
Thanks.
GWEN IFILL: Thank you, Rachel.
Our next guest shattered her own
glass ceiling
in 2007, when she was elected
the first woman
speaker of the House of
Representatives.
Now Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi
joins us
now.
Welcome.
REP.
NANCY PELOSI (D-CA), House
Minority Leader:
Pleasure.
GWEN IFILL: It's so good to see
you here,
but I'm wondering, as you watch
this roll
call play out, where the Bernie
Sanders supporters
are still getting their final
cry in, whether
you think that you're signaling
unity with
this.
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: We're signaling
strength.
As we disagree with each other,
we learn more
about each other, and more and
more people
are coming together.
Some may never get there.
They just may not get there.
But, largely, this convention is
coming together.
Everybody understands that,
whatever our differences,
they're vastly small compared to
the vast
difference between the Democrats
and the Republicans,
between Hillary Clinton and the
Republican
nominee.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I'm curious about
your own
delegation, Madam Leader.
California, 300-some delegates
for Hillary
Clinton, but over 200 delegates
for Bernie
Sanders, how is the California
-- they're
the best, the biggest, most
populous state
in the country.
How are they coming together?
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: They will come
together.
We will have the biggest vote in
the country,
of course, for Hillary Clinton.
Our Governor Brown just said
that he thinks
we can win by 20 points for
Hillary Clinton
in California.
We will see.
But it's going to be big.
GWEN IFILL: So, Donald Trump is,
what, making
things up when he says he's
going to compete
in California?
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: Let him think
that.
(LAUGHTER)
GWEN IFILL: OK, let me ask you,
how you do
win?
What is key going forward,
leaving Philadelphia,
for your nominee?
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: Well, what is key
for winning
the election is to be able to
put forth a
vision for our future and how
this election
affects people's lives.
We're about rejecting
trickle-down economics,
instead an economy that works
for everyone,
not just the privileged few.
In terms of winning the
election, it's all
about turnout and how we connect
with the
voter as to what it means in
their lives to
turn out to vote, to win the
House, the Senate,
statehouses, state governorships
and the rest.
So, turnout is everything.
And turnout really runs on the
fuel of inspiration.
So, I believe Hillary Clinton's
vision, based
on her experience, based on her
knowledge
and judgment, as well as her
connection with
the American people, after a
lifetime of service
and leadership for America's
families and
children.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I don't think
anyone is closer
to the voters in Washington than
members of
the House of Representatives.
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: That's right.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You know that
place very well.
Right now, Donald Trump is doing
much better
than Hillary Clinton among white
men, and
particularly white men who have
not attended
college.
How does Hillary Clinton counter
that?
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: With an economic
agenda to create
jobs, good-paying jobs,
increasing paychecks.
The economic agenda is what is
really -- it's
about the economy.
You know that statement.
It's not a cliche.
It's a fact.
And I think that, so many times,
white -- non-college-education
-- educated white males have
voted Republican.
They voted against their own
economic interests
because of guns, because of
gays, and because
of God, the three G's, God being
the woman's
right to choose.
That is softening.
Some of those people were never
going to be
voting Democratic anyway.
But I believe that, with the
turnout that
we expect to have, we will draw
some of them
in with our message, and enough
other people
to win the election.
GWEN IFILL: Leader Pelosi, how
do you compare
what we're going to be seeing
here tonight
with the nomination of Hillary
Clinton to
Geraldine Ferraro in 1984?
You were there.
You saw that glass ceiling
break.
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: 1984, I was chair
of the host
committee at the San Francisco
convention.
And I can tell you -- I can just
drum it up
immediately -- the thunderous
response that
that convention had to her
nomination.
Mind you, the convention was
very split between
Mondale and Gary Hart.
So it had a similar feeling to
this.
But, nonetheless, in the
nomination of the
first woman as vice president of
a major party,
it was thunderous.
And that's what will happen with
Hillary Clinton,
even beyond, because she's going
to be nominated
for president, the most powerful
person in
the world.
It's very exciting.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And it will be
historic, as
we have been saying.
But should it be a factor in how
people vote,
the fact that she would be the
first woman
president, the fact that she is
a woman?
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: I don't think -- I
think that
people want to know what the
election of a
particular person means in their
lives.
What is your vision?
What is your plan to get
something done that
affects me?
And I have always said, in my
own rise in
the leadership, please don't
ever ask anybody
to vote for me because I'm a
woman.
That happens to be, in my view,
an enhancement,
but, nonetheless, it's all about
who is the
best person for the job.
Hillary Clinton is the best
person for the
job.
She will go into the Oval Office
before prepared
even than President Obama.
He has said that himself.
Better prepared than President
Bush, George
W. Bush.
Better prepared than her own
husband.
Again, she has a vision, she has
knowledge
and judgment.
She is a strategic thinker,
based on her experience
and her connection.
I know something about power,
being the first
woman speaker of the House.
Actually, the legislative branch
is the first
article of the Constitution, and
so president,
vice president, speaker of the
House, third
highest.
And, for me, it's particularly
almost emotional
to think that she will have that
much power
to help develop a consensus in
our country
and be the leader of the free
world.
GWEN IFILL: Power is the word.
Nancy Pelosi, minority leader of
the House
of Representatives, thank you so
much for
joining us.
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: My pleasure.
Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Who has already
made history
herself by being the first woman
in that position.
Thank you.
REP.
NANCY PELOSI: But I'm happy to
relinquish
the title of the highest elected
woman in
the history of our country.
Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now we turn to
the second part
of our series exploring Hillary
Clinton's
life -- tonight, the eight years
she spent
in the White House.
Her tenure as first lady can be
categorized
as atypical, and even
controversial at times.
She logged many firsts, first
presidential
spouse with a graduate degree,
first to testify
before a grand jury, and the
first to have
an office in the West Wing of
the White House.
Before the Clintons ever stepped
foot into
the White House in 1993, and she
was given
her own West Wing office, there
were hints
Hillary Clinton would be a
different kind
of first lady.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
I suppose I could have stayed
home and baked
cookies and had teas, but what I
decided to
do was to fulfill my profession.
JUDY WOODRUFF: That candid
comment early in
the '92 campaign didn't go over
well with
voters, so she shifted to a more
traditional
role until Election Day.
But as soon as her husband was
elected, she
was again a public player.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: Hello.
This is Hillary Clinton.
I want to thank you for letting
me speak with
you about an issue that is
central to our
children's future.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Early on,
President Clinton
tapped his wife to steer a major
initiative,
running the Task Force on
National Health
Care Reform.
David Gergen was an aide to the
president
at the time.
DAVID GERGEN, Former White House
Aide: She's
an extraordinarily competent
woman.
She is very much on -- she knows
the issues
better than anybody I know,
including her
husband.
That was threatening to some
people, to some
voters.
Men would -- of the older
generation would
say, I would be really proud if
my daughter
grew up to be like Hillary
Clinton, to be
the kind of pathbreaker she is,
but I sure
as hell am glad that my wife
isn't.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: Thank
you very much,
Mr. Chairman.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the beginning,
the health
care effort looked promising,
says author
Rebecca Traister.
REBECCA TRAISTER, Author, "All
The Single
Ladies: Unmarried Women and the
Rise of an
Independent Nation": When she
first took on
the project, and initially
testified in front
Congress about health care
reform, it actually
looked like it might go well.
She was already a very divisive
figure.
People hated her.
People loved her.
She was so clearly smart,
competent.
Her approval ratings went way
up.
People liked it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But as weeks
passed, Clinton's
health care plan was attacked by
the right
and the left.
Conservatives called it a
government takeover.
Even with a Democratic majority
in Congress,
the bill never made it out of
committee.
Hillary had recruited dozens of
experts to
help craft an elaborate plan for
universal
coverage, but she had insisted
most of the
work be done in secret.
David Gergen says it was that
and the lack
of political outreach that led
to failure.
DAVID GERGEN: She hadn't learned
yet to play
the Washington game.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The collapse of
the health
care initiative was one of the
major factors
in the GOP's takeover of
Congress the following
year.
During Bill Clinton's second
term, Hillary
was successful in her push for a
program that
enabled Washington to partner
with states
to ensure health coverage for
uninsured children.
But, unlike the first four
years, she spent
less time in the West Wing, and
more time
traveling abroad, much of it
promoting women's
rights.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: It is no
longer acceptable
to discuss women's rights as
separate from
human rights.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Traister
describes it as a
retreat into a more traditional
first lady
role.
REBECCA TRAISTER: She and
Chelsea did a lot
of traveling around the world.
She wrote a book called, "Dear
Socks, Dear
Buddy," notes to the White House
pets.
She was blamed so
enthusiastically for what
happened with health care
reform, and she
was really attacked so
forcefully, that it
precipitated a real retreat by
Hillary from
this divisive public role that
she had held
within the administration.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Hillary was also
at the center
of a string of controversies.
The Clintons' involvement in a
failed Arkansas
land deal known as Whitewater
would follow
both of them through his
presidency.
DAVID GERGEN: I think one of the
most troubling
moments for me at the White
House came over
the Whitewater issue.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Former White
House aide David
Gergen:
DAVID GERGEN: I had a
conversation with the
president, and we got his assent
to give over
the documents to The Washington
Post.
But then the president said:
"Before we do
this, you got to remember this.
Both Hillary and I were involved
in this.
We can't release the documents
without her
blessing as well.
And, by the way, David, you
ought to go get
it."
I made the effort to see her,
and try to persuade
her to give over the documents,
and I was
ultimately very, very
unsuccessful.
JUDY WOODRUFF: For years,
Hillary Clinton
resisted calls to release
documents related
to Whitewater and other
controversies.
That, in turn, drew more
attention from the
news media and ultimately led to
the appointment
of a special prosecutor.
DAVID GERGEN: If you stick to
secrecy too
much in the White House -- and
there's a temptation
for every White House to do that
-- but if
you stick too closely to
temptation, you can
pay a big, big price.
And she paid a price for it.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: The
conventional wisdom
about Whitewater always is, take
any straw
you can to go on.
So, I don't have any doubt that
there are
those who will say this should
go on.
I just would like to tell them,
go on where?
We have been going on for four
years.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The investigation
ended after
it was declared there was
insufficient evidence
to prove any wrongdoing.
But the prolonged struggle led
to a far more
damaging controversy, brought to
light by
independent counsel Kenneth
Starr.
DAVID GERGEN: Had it not been
for Kenneth
Starr, we would have never heard
of Monica
Lewinsky.
And if we had never heard of
Monica Lewinsky,
Bill Clinton would have not been
impeached.
BILL CLINTON, Former President
of the United
States: I didn't have sexual
relations with
that woman, Ms. Lewinsky.
JUDY WOODRUFF: As the story of
the president's
involvement with a young White
House intern
unfolded, it set off a firestorm
of headlines
about the state of the Clinton
marriage.
Gergen describes their
relationship as being
a bit like a seesaw.
DAVID GERGEN: As long as the
seesaw was in
equilibrium, they worked well
together.
When Hillary sort of got hurt
and lost a couple
of things, lost the Congress,
and the seesaw
tipped like this, and Bill was
up sort of
on top, that's when I think he
allowed himself
to get -- to succumb to some of
the temptations.
There was a lot of volatility in
that relationship.
How did she -- how well did she
handle it?
Well, she stuck by her man.
JUDY WOODRUFF: As the end of
Bill Clinton's
presidency approached, sympathy
for the first
lady helped boost her image.
She began openly planning her
own political
career.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: Bill and
I are closing
one chapter of our lives, and
soon we will
be starting a new one.
For me, it will be up to the
people of New
York to decide whether I will
have the privilege
of serving them in the United
States Senate.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: One year later,
Hillary Clinton
added yet another first to her
resume, the
first presidential spouse to run
for elected
office.
GWEN IFILL: We mark this
historic night with
two women who have been
trailblazers in their
own right.
Kamala Harris is attorney
general of California.
She is the first woman and first
African-American
and first Indian-American to
hold that office,
and she is running this year for
the U.S.
Senate.
And Representative Cheri Bustos
of Illinois
was the first woman elected to
Congress from
her district.
She now works to elect other
woman candidates.
Welcome to you both.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Welcome.
GWEN IFILL: I want to ask you
both to think
back to 1984.
We were just asking Nancy Pelosi
about this
idea, the big breakthrough, when
Geraldine
Ferraro became the vice
presidential candidate
for the first time.
Cheri Bustos, how different is
it to be a
woman candidate now than it was
in 1984?
REP.
CHERI BUSTOS (D), Illinois: I
still think
there are challenges.
I'm vice chairman of the
Recruiting Committee
for the Democratic Congressional
Campaign
Committee.
So, I recruit candidates all
over the country.
And now I'm vice chair of what
is called the
Red to Blue Committee.
We have 38 people who are on
that list of
seats where we think we have an
opportunity
to pick those up for Democrats.
Half of those are women.
There are still challenges when
we're looking
at women running for office.
And I think how we're going to
correct that
is what's going on right here.
When we get a woman in the White
House, I
think that it is going to be
easier to get
women to run for office.
And I hope that we make some
tremendous gains
over the years.
KAMALA HARRIS, California
Attorney General:
I agree.
I think that -- and, also,
there's a significance
to the nomination of Hillary
Clinton that
actually relates to advice my
mother gave
us when we were growing up, my
sister and
me.
And she would say, "Kamala, you
may be the
first to do many things.
Make sure you're not the last."
And so there is that thing about
the way that
Hillary Clinton has actually
lived her professional
life that is also about
mentorship.
It's about encouraging other
women to actually
go forward and do it, knowing
that they can
succeed.
Equally important is what
Michelle Obama said
last night.
The significance of Hillary
Clinton breaking
the ceiling is the significance
of telling
our sons, as well as our
daughters, you can
do anything, unburdened by who
has done it
before.
And that's an important point to
make to everybody,
not just girls, not just women,
not just people
of a certain race.
It's telling everyone, anyone
can do whatever
they want.
It is all possible if you work
hard.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Congresswoman
Bustos, as you
were saying, there are still
obstacles after
all this time.
What are they?
I mean, is just a matter of
confidence and
seeing that woman in the White
House?
Because we have had women
elected to the Senate,
a women -- a few women elected
governors.
What is it, 17 percent of the
House of Representatives
are women.
Is it a matter of confidence?
Is it money?
What is holding women back?
REP.
CHERI BUSTOS: It is very, very
different when
we're recruiting a woman vs.
recruiting a
man, the questions that we get.
A man typically will say right
off the bat,
can I win?
That will be question number
one.
And if you say yes, then we're
all in.
With a woman, it is, how does a
campaign impact
your children, your family?
How do you take it when these
attack ads are
running?
How does your family take that?
And, if I am elected, how is it
when I have
to go back and forth to
Washington, D.C.?
So, when I'm involved with
recruiting women,
I have got a very close-knit
group of girlfriends.
We were all elected right around
the same
time.
And we take a woman candidate
who were looking
at out to dinner.
And we talk about all those
challenges, whether
it be -- if they have young
children, I will
call my good friend
Congresswoman Grace Meng
out of New York, who has two
young boys, and
say, Grace, can you talk with
this woman about
what it is like to have two
young boys and
how you Skype when you're
walking over to
the House floor to vote and do
your homework
by Skype with them, and just how
you manage
that.
But very, very different sets of
questions
that you get, and perceived
obstacles as well.
GWEN IFILL: Kamala Harris,
today, John Podesta,
the -- Hillary Clinton's
campaign manager,
said he believed the double
standard applied
to women, that that is not the
only thing
driving some of the kind of
historic unfavorable
numbers for her, but that he
thinks it's very
real.
What do you think?
KAMALA HARRIS: I think that, to
be sure.
I'm a career prosecutor.
I was elected as the first
district attorney
of San Francisco and the first
attorney general
of California, which means I'm
the top law
enforcement officer of the state
of California.
And there were a lot of people
who doubted
that I would be elected for that
reason.
They said, well-meaning people,
that, no one
like you has done this before,
and that is
going to be a challenge, and
people aren't
prepared for someone like you
holding that
position.
So, there are challenges, but
equally important
-- and I think the congresswoman
is absolutely
correct -- when we understand
that, and then,
through your leadership and
women and men
like you, pulling together an
infrastructure
to encourage those women to have
faith that
they actually can do it and
building the infrastructure
around them.
Anything can be done.
But I think also the point that
you were asking
about, fund-raising is a very
real one for
women.
Women -- most women are taught
to be independent.
And to be independent means
don't ask anyone
for money.
And then you run for office and
you have to
ask everybody for money.
And there's a real psychological
burden that
associates with that.
(LAUGHTER)
GWEN IFILL: Right.
KAMALA HARRIS: And so what I
mention to women
who are running for office, I
say, listen,
just be clear.
You're not asking someone to buy
you a pair
of shoes.
It's about having them invest in
what they
believe is in the best interest
of their community,
their family, and the issues.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Congresswoman
Bustos, right
now, the polls show that Donald
Trump is doing
better with men than Hillary
Clinton is with
women.
Why do you think that is?
REP.
CHERI BUSTOS: I believe that, as
we get closer
and closer to November and the
policies that
both Hillary Clinton stands for
and the Democratic
members of Congress and what we
want to support
after she's in the White House,
and we talk
about that on the campaign trail
and among
all of the states in our nation,
I think those
number numbers will change.
I mean, what we stand for are
currently back-burner
issues, equal pay for equal
work, paid family
leave, making sure that seniors
will have
their Social Security and
Medicare there as
they age, because that affects
women disproportionately.
So, as we talk about this, and
what we want
to do, not just for women, but
for our families,
and you take a look at what
Hillary Clinton
stands for and what the
Democrats stand for,
I think we will see some shift
in those numbers.
I feel confident of that.
GWEN IFILL: After all is said
and done, what
difference does it make if it's
a woman sitting
in either the highest office in
the land or
on a school board?
What does it -- I'm not saying
that you're
running only as women, because,
obviously,
you're not, but what difference
does it make?
KAMALA HARRIS: We all -- the
difference is
the importance of diversity.
And diversity is important
because we all
have different life experiences.
And when decisions are being
made that are
going to impact so many people,
it's important
that we have considered all the
ramifications
based on how it will roll out.
The more diverse the group of
people are who
are making the decision, the
better the decision
will be, especially when you're
talking about
the decisions that are being
made by the president
of the United States.
And, you know, certainly we
know, also, in
terms of demographics, women
disproportionately
are responsible for caring for
children and
caring for elder relatives.
Women are disproportionately
responsible for
dealing with household issues,
whatever they
may be.
Women are increasingly equal, or
even in greater
numbers, the breadwinner in the
family.
And so women have a certain life
experience.
We know girls have a certain
life experience.
And those people who are making
the decisions
should understand the
ramifications of their
decisions.
JUDY WOODRUFF: California
Attorney General
Kamala Harris.
KAMALA HARRIS: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And
Representative Bustos from
the state of Illinois, we thank
both of you
for being here.
KAMALA HARRIS: Thank you.
(CROSSTALK)
REP.
CHERI BUSTOS: Thank you.
Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Thank you.
And, as you can hear, that
state-by-state
roll call vote is happening
right here in
the arena in Philadelphia behind
us.
And we expect that Hillary
Clinton will be
officially nominated by the time
our broadcast
is over.
We are going to right now,
though, throw back
to Hari in Washington now, and
return for
more on that development in a
few minutes
-- Hari.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Thank you.
In the day's other news: The
Islamic State
group claimed responsibility for
the brutal
killing of a Catholic priest in
France.
It happened in a small town
outside Rouen,
in the country's Normandy
region.
Two knife-wielding men took
hostages during
a mass, and cut the throat of
the 86-year-old
priest before they were killed
by police.
President Francois Hollande
called it a vile
terrorist attack.
FRANCOIS HOLLANDE, French
President (through
translator): We must stand
together.
The Catholics were the ones who
were hit,
but this targets all the French.
And that is why we must stand in
cohesion,
together, in a bloc that no one
can break.
Today, we must be aware that the
terrorists
will stop at nothing, unless we
stop them.
HARI SREENIVASAN: A nun who
witnessed the
attack said the militants gave a
sermon in
Arabic, and filmed the murder of
the priest.
The people of Japan awoke today
to -- after
the country's worst mass killing
since World
War II.
A man with a knife killed 19
people as they
slept, and wounded 25 others at
a home for
the mentally disabled west of
Tokyo.
The suspect had worked at the
facility before
being let go, and news accounts
said he'd
written to parliament, warning
of his plans
and demanding that all disabled
people be
put to death.
He gave himself up after the
killings.
The prime minister of Australia
has ordered
an investigation of alleged
abuse at a juvenile
detention center.
Graphic footage emerged Monday,
showing aboriginal
youths being tear-gassed and
stripped naked.
Human rights activists accused
the government
of ignoring the issue for years,
but Prime
Minister Malcolm Turnbull denied
that and
insisted there's been a
cover-up.
MALCOLM TURNBULL, Australian
Prime Minister:
The real challenge now is to get
to the bottom
of what has happened.
We need to know what has
happened, why it
happened, why it was able to
happen, what
is the culture that enabled this
to occur,
what lessons we learn from it,
and how we
can ensure it never, ever
happens again.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The abuse was
detailed in
a documentary by the Australian
Broadcasting
Corporation.
It was filmed largely in Darwin,
between 2010
and 2015.
Back in this country, a federal
judge has
given initial approval to a $15
billion settlement
over Volkswagen's emissions
cheating.
The deal gives owners the option
to have the
company buy back their cars.
But they can also opt out and
pursue their
own lawsuits.
Volkswagen still faces billions
in fines and
penalties, and possible criminal
charges.
On Wall Street, stocks struggled
to make headway
for a second day.
The Dow Jones industrial average
lost 19 points
to close at 18473.
The Nasdaq rose 12 points, and
the S&P 500
added a fraction.
And the first solar-powered
round-the-world
flight finished today where it
began.
Solar Impulse 2 landed in the
early morning
hours in Abu Dhabi, 16 months
after it first
took off.
It made 16 stops along the way,
and flew some
25,000 miles all without using
any fuel.
The plane weighs roughly as much
as a minivan,
and is powered by more than
17,000 solar cells.
The plane weighs roughly as much
as a minivan,
and is powered by more than
17,000 solar cells.
We return now to a Venezuela in
crisis.
We recently brought you a report
from Caracas
on the collapse of the economy
and the health
care system and the lawlessness
run rampant
there.
Tonight, again in partnership
with the Pulitzer
Center on crisis Reporting,
special correspondent
Nadja Drost and videographer
Bruno Federico
report from western Venezuela on
Lake Maracaibo.
It is the hub of Venezuela's oil
industry,
the country's lifeblood, which
is now a trade
in serious trouble.
NADJA DROST: The drop in oil
prices has not
just devastated the Venezuelan
economy.
It's causing an environmental
crisis as well.
An oil spill that happened in
May still covers
the shoreline of Lake Maracaibo.
JOSE GREGORIO GARCIA, Fisherman
(through translator):
Lately, we have been seeing a
lot of oil spills.
It wasn't like this before.
NADJA DROST: Jose Gregorio
Garcia is part
of the Anu indigenous group, who
live in the
lake area.
Anu means people of the shore,
and fishing
has long been their sustenance.
But leaking oil is damaging
their livelihood;
15,000 barrels of oil have
spilled into the
lake in the last two months,
according to
the state oil company.
JOSE GREGORIO GARCIA (through
translator):
There were species that we don't
see now.
We think it's because of the
contamination.
NADJA DROST: Shrimp are gone
completely, and
the lake's once-thriving blue
crab fishery
is also disappearing.
JOSE GREGORIO GARCIA (through
translator):
The oil goes to the bottom of
the lake.
That's where the crab is.
It migrates, or dies, or gets
covered with
petroleum, and when it's stained
like that,
no one will buy it.
NADJA DROST: Oil wells have been
abandoned,
and production has slowed to a
13-year low.
That means money that was
supposed to be set
aside to stop oil spills has
dried up.
Alfredo Dominguez, who checks
oil platforms
for the state company which
operates all the
oil fields, says there's a lack
of everything,
equipment and the parts to fix
it and oversight
by management.
Plus, thieves have also wrecked
the infrastructure.
ALFREDO DOMINGUEZ, Inspector
(through translator):
They rob cables from the oil
stations, bulbs,
everything that can be melted
down.
They take apart the tubes.
The wells keep pumping and
sending the oil
to the station, but the cables
and tubes have
been cut, so the oil ruptures
and spills into
the lake.
NADJA DROST: For decades, Lake
Maracaibo has
been a symbol of Venezuela's oil
wealth, but,
today, it's in a state of decay.
Beneath us, there is a massive
network of
interlaced tubes transporting
oil and gas.
Locals refer to it as a bowl of
spaghetti.
But many of these tubes are old
and face a
lack of maintenance, and they
are leaking
constantly small quantities of
both oil or
gas.
And the result is this.
Back when oil was selling at
record prices
throughout the tenure of the
late President
and icon here Hugo Chavez, the
government
used oil revenues to try to
transform the
country and lift the poor out of
poverty,
says Carlos Munos Potella, a
petroleum economist
and an adviser to the nation's
central bank.
CARLOS MUNOS POTELLA, Petroleum
Economist
(through translator): It started
a policy
that wasn't very productive in
economic terms,
but it was the payment of a
social debt.
NADJA DROST: Under Chavez, oil
revenues went
increasingly to funding social
programs, subsidizing
food and building homes for the
poor.
CARLOS MUNOS POTELLA (through
translator):
It was a revolution financed
with oil.
NADJA DROST: But critics say the
government
didn't use any of the windfall
to maintain
oil production.
It keeps dropping.
Now, with oil prices down, the
country has
racked up billions in unpaid
bills to contractors.
Billions more have gone missing
in corruption
schemes.
But the oil industry is also
bleeding profits
to illegal gasoline smuggling
rackets.
Nowhere is that more evident
than a few hours'
drive west to the border with
Colombia.
Old American cars are about all
you see in
the border towns of what is like
Venezuela's
Wild West.
Shunned for being expensive
gas-guzzlers anywhere
else, here, their huge tanks are
in demand
to fill up with cheap gasoline
to smuggle
across the border.
It is so heavily subsidized, a
gallon costs
a mere 3 cents.
But across the border, in
Colombia, a gallon
sells for 90 times that.
And it's in that margin of
profit that contraband
gasoline thrives.
The government estimates 100,000
barrels a
day are smuggled out.
That means smugglers are sucking
dry at least
$2 billion a year from the
country's coffers.
In order to help prevent that,
the border
between Venezuela and Colombia
closed last
year.
But smugglers are creating new
routes, using
unofficial border crossings, and
it's on remote
back roads like this one that
the flow of
gasoline continues.
It starts behind the high
concrete walls in
the town of
Paraguaipoa, where smugglers
pool gasoline
from various sources, including
the tanks
of those big American cars.
A smuggler agrees to take us on
the first
leg of his smuggling route, as
long as we
don't reveal his identity.
This is big business, very
lucrative, and
highly illegal.
He tells us we can't film
outside the truck.
If anyone notices us, it can put
everyone
at risk.
This area is filled with armed
groups, all
of whom have a stake in the
racket.
MAN (through translator):
Sometimes, drivers
will be tied up and killed.
It happens to helpers, too.
Soldiers get shot down, and
whoever falls,
falls.
NADJA DROST: In order to
traverse this frontier
land with their contraband
goods, smugglers
have to pay off everyone, from
authorities
to rebels and other armed groups
from the
Colombian side.
MAN (through translator): You
pay the military,
the national guard, the police,
the intelligence
agency, military intelligence.
You even pay the Colombian
guerrillas.
Everyone eats from this.
NADJA DROST: Colombian
paramilitaries, too,
he says.
MAN (through translator): If you
don't pay,
you will get shot, at the least.
NADJA DROST: We arrive at a
lake, where workers
line up empty barrels to tow
across, where
they will get filled at a
rudimentary gas
station, loaded onto trucks and
continue their
journey to the other side of the
border.
Many people live off this trade,
including
the military's national guard,
who we see
inspecting every vehicle, except
for trucks
with contraband gasoline, at a
checkpoint
a mere 10 miles before a closed
border crossing.
As we peer out from behind our
tinted windows,
a local accompanying us explains
how contraband
gets across here.
MAN (through translator): Those
civilians
are the moscas.
NADJA DROST: Moscas, flies, the
name given
to civilians buzzing around on
motorbikes
who act as a link between
smugglers and whichever
group they have to pay off.
Here, it's the military.
MAN (through translator): One of
them already
arranged everything and paid the
military,
so that these trucks can pass
through.
NADJA DROST: Truckload after
truckload, contraband
gasoline is waved on through by
the military.
Smuggling rackets keep draining
oil profits.
Oil wells in Lake Maracaibo
continue to decline.
As the oil economy tumbles, and
pulls Venezuela
deeper into crisis, it draws
attention to
the perils of over-relying on
oil revenues
to prop up an economy.
Back on Lake Maracaibo,
fisherman Jose Gregorio
Garcia has benefited from oil's
bonanza years,
as well as suffered from too
much oil, contaminating
his fish supply.
Living shoreside of the
once-booming oil industry,
Garcia knows it has to change.
JOSE GREGORIO GARCIA (through
translator):
We have seen what happens with
petroleum.
The price of oil rises, and it
falls.
We have always lived off this,
the good price
of oil.
But we have to find an
alternative.
NADJA DROST: For the "PBS
NewsHour," reporting
with Bruno Federico, I'm Nadja
Drost on Lake
Maracaibo.
HARI SREENIVASAN: To hear more
about this
story and our reporting from
Venezuela, check
out our Outside the Bubble
conversation with
special correspondent Nadja
Drost.
That's on our Facebook page,
Facebook.com/NewsHour.
Now we go back to Gwen and Judy
in Philadelphia.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Thank you, Hari.
We are here at the convention
hall in Philadelphia,
as the roll call continues.
South Dakota has just put
Hillary Clinton
over the top, meaning that she
has won more
than the 2,382 delegate votes
she needed to
wrap up the nomination.
What started as a Twitter
hashtag in 2013
after the acquittal of George
Zimmerman for
the murder of Trayvon Martin has
grown into
an activist protest
organization, with increasing
influence.
John Yang has our report.
JOHN YANG: Less than 10 miles
from the Democratic
Convention, demonstrators remind
delegates,
black lives matter.
WOMAN: They need to pay
attention to the will
of the people.
MAN: We need a radical new
system, because
the one we have is broken, and
it's not working
for any of us here in America.
JOHN YANG: The issue of race
relations looms
over this presidential campaign,
driven by
the high-profile deaths of black
men and women
at the hands of police, which
triggered demonstrations
like this one.
Just last week, Hillary Clinton
stressed her
commitment to the
African-American community
after police shootings in
Louisiana and Minnesota.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
We white Americans need to do a
better job
of listening when
African-Americans talk about
the seen and unseen barriers you
face every
day.
JOHN YANG: During the primaries,
Black Lives
Matter protesters confronted
both Clinton
and her rival, Vermont Senator
Bernie Sanders.
Representative Barbara Lee
understands their
demands.
REP.
BARBARA LEE (D), California:
Young people
involved in the Black Lives
Matter movement,
they're holding us all
accountable to an agenda
to make this country better.
JOHN YANG: Shaun Harper is
director of the
Center for the Study of Race and
Equity in
Education at the University of
Pennsylvania.
SHAUN HARPER, Executive
Director, Center for
the Study of Race and Equity in
Education,
University of Pennsylvania: I
think that,
from that moment onward, that
both Senator
Sanders and Secretary Clinton
understood this
is a movement to be taken
seriously.
JOHN YANG: Retaliation against
the police
has created a tension between
supporting the
victims of police shootings and
supporting
law enforcement.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm John
Yang in Philadelphia.
GWEN IFILL: Jordan Davis was 17
years old
when he was shot and killed in
2012.
His assailant claimed Davis and
his friends
were playing their music too
loud.
His mother, Lucia McBath, and
six other mothers
who have lost children to gun
violence will
appear together on the
convention stage tonight.
We spoke with her a short time
ago.
Lucia McBath, thank you so much
for joining
us.
LUCIA MCBATH, Mother of Shooting
Victim: Thank
you for having me.
GWEN IFILL: Talk about your son.
And talk about your reason for
being on the
stage tonight.
We have been -- our country has
been so caught
up in a discussion about law
enforcement vs.
police abuse.
And even though your son wasn't
a victim,
wasn't quite in that mix, what
-- how have
you been watching this unfold?
LUCIA MCBATH: Oh, well, it's
been disheartening,
of course.
And what we're beginning to
recognize is that,
you know, gun violence is in
many, many forms,
you know, whether it's law
enforcement on
individual citizens, or if it's
individual
citizens that are gunning down
law enforcement,
or if it's just, you know,
black-on-black
crime.
It comes in all forms.
And it's very disheartening to
continue to
watch this evolve and erupt over
and over
and over again, because I know
firsthand,
as a victim of gun violence,
what this does,
not only to the victims, but to
the families
and their communities at large.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You have chosen
to endorse
Hillary Clinton.
You're here to support Hillary
Clinton.
She's running for president.
So much of criminal justice,
though, occurs
-- these decisions occur at the
local level.
What difference can a president
make?
LUCIA MCBATH: Well, absolutely,
a president
has the heart of the people.
And the president -- we follow
the lead of
the president.
If the president has a heart for
what's happening
in the nation, a heart for
people, wanting
to create and stimulate change
for the better,
preserving human life, then I
believe policy
will fall right in under the
heels of the
changes that the president puts
in place for
the nation.
GWEN IFILL: You talk about the
-- what the
president can put in place.
You are also involved in my
Brother's Keeper
Initiative at the White House.
But I guess we who cover
Washington sometimes
see a lot of talk, and not a
whole lot of
action.
And I just wonder why you think
this might
be different.
LUCIA MCBATH: Well, I know this
will be different,
because I know Secretary Clinton
has been
doing this work, championing for
human and
civil right within the
communities and the
nation at large.
She's been doing this even
before she became
first lady.
She's been doing it as Senator
Clinton.
She's been doing it as secretary
of state.
So her record is firm.
And it stands to reason that she
would continue
to serve and do what she's been
doing all
along.
So, I have hope.
I know that she has -- she's a
great visionary.
And I understand that she really
is putting
in place some good measures,
solid measures
that will really be of the best
interests
of the nation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Gwen mentioned
that this is
more than just about the role of
law enforcement,
police.
The Republican Convention, a big
part of their
message was they need to respect
the role
of police officers.
How do you strike that balance
between saying
police need to not discriminate
when it comes
to dealing with black men and
women, but,
on the other hand, making sure
there's a respect
for the role of police?
LUCIA MCBATH: Well, I think it's
a matter
of retraining and reeducating on
both sides,
citizens within the community
learning to
respect -- have a healthy
respect and regard
for police officers as our
protectors.
And at the same -- the same
measures, making
sure that our police are
reeducated, so that
they're able to understand
different cultures
and races and ethnicities.
And also, I think, too, that we
should have
police officers that actually
live within
those various communities that
are serving
those individuals.
And I think that sets up a
better environment
for relation-building --
relationship-building,
bridge-building.
And I think it's going to take a
lot of effort
within the community,
constituents within
the community, as well as the
police enforcement,
to really build those bridges.
It's going to be a work on both
ends.
GWEN IFILL: We saw Michael
Jordan, the retired
basketball player, trying...
LUCIA MCBATH: Yes.
GWEN IFILL: ... to strike that
balance yesterday
with the million-dollar gift to
the NAACP
Legal Defense Fund and a
million-dollar gift
to the chiefs of police.
And it seems like that is the
middle ground.
LUCIA MCBATH: Absolutely.
GWEN IFILL: I want to end here
by asking you
to tell us a little bit about
your son, Jordan,
and what he would think about
you being such
a public figure now.
LUCIA MCBATH: Thank you for
giving me the
opportunity to talk about
Jordan, because
I just -- it helps me to keep
him alive.
Jordan was a child of inclusion.
He loved everybody.
He used to bring children
together.
I always say that the jock, the
nerdy kid,
the athlete, he brought them all
together.
Jordan wanted to make sure that
everyone had
the same rights, the same
abilities to do
and to live the way he was
living.
He was always the kind of child
that wanted
to include everyone.
I say that, as a single mother
for 13 years,
I had an SUV full of kids all
the time.
And Jordan wanted to make sure
that everybody
was loved, accepted and
forgiven.
So, I think he would be proud of
me, because
I'm getting to walk out the very
things I
was trying to teach him.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, finally,
Lucia McBath,
it seems important to you to
keep this connection
with the other mothers.
LUCIA MCBATH: Absolutely, yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I guess be
stronger as
a group than you can be as one
individual.
LUCIA MCBATH: Absolutely.
And Secretary Clinton did say to
us -- I specifically
asked her in that very first
meeting that
we had with her.
I said: "I think you know that
you have the
support of all the mothers here.
What is it we can do for you?
What is it you would like us to
do?
What do you see for us?"
And she said: "Individually, all
of you are
so strong, and you're all
working within your
communities and across the
nation.
It would be so powerful if you
would come
together as one united force for
the movement
in this nation."
So, the campaign has deemed us
the mothers
of the movement.
And we're very, very grateful to
be able to
act on her behalf for the
nation.
GWEN IFILL: Lucia McBath, one of
the mothers
of the movement, thank you so
much for joining
us.
LUCIA MCBATH: Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Thank you.
And it looks like the states are
just about
finished with the roll call.
We're going to down to the floor
now and listen
to the end of it.
WOMAN: Tools and paper, to
cheese, brats,
and beer.
(LAUGHTER)
WOMAN: We are home to the Bucks,
the Brewers,
and America's team, the Green
Bay Packers.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
WOMAN: And we are home to future
Senator Russ
Feingold.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
WOMAN: Tonight, we cast 49 votes
for Senator
Bernie Sanders.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
WOMAN: And we cast 47 votes for
the next president
of the United States, Secretary
Hillary Clinton.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
STEPHANIE RAWLINGS-BLAKE (D),
Mayor of Baltimore,
Maryland: Thank you very much,
Wisconsin.
You have cast 47 votes for
Secretary Clinton
and 49 vote for Senator Sanders.
Wyoming.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
STEPHANIE RAWLINGS-BLAKE:
Wyoming, you have
18 votes.
How do you cast your votes?
ANA CUPRILL, Chairwoman, Wyoming
Democratic
Party: Madam Secretary, my name
is Ana Cuprill.
I am the chairwoman of the
Wyoming Democratic
Party, Wyoming, the Equality
State and the
home of many firsts, the first
national park,
the first national monument, the
first state
to guarantee women the right to
vote, and
the first state to elect a woman
governor.
Tonight, we are proud to be the
last to cast
our state's votes, seven votes
for Senator
Bernie Sanders, and 11 votes for
the next
president of the United States,
the first
woman president of the United
States, Hillary
Rodham Clinton!
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
STEPHANIE RAWLINGS-BLAKE: Thank
you very much,
Wyoming.
You have cast 11 votes for
Secretary Clinton
and seven votes for Senator
Sanders.
And now to Vermont.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
STEPHANIE RAWLINGS-BLAKE: How do
you cast
your 26 votes?
DOTTIE DEANS, Chair, Vermont
Democratic Party:
I'm Dottie Deans, chair of the
Vermont Democratic
Party.
On behalf of the great state of
Vermont, a
state that helped fight and win
the Revolution
that gave birth to our United
States of America,
the state that helped fight and
win the political
revolution of 2016, thanks to
our Senator
Bernie Sanders.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
DOTTIE DEANS: A state whose
leaders denounced
the demagoguery of Joseph
McCarthy, and today
whose leaders like Madeleine
Kunin, Howard
Dean, Peter Welch, and our own
Senator Leahy
speak out against the modern-day
McCarthy,
Donald Trump, on behalf of the
home state
of Senator Bernie Sanders, who
has changed
the trajectory of this country
in a way that
will make the lives of working
Americans better
for generations to come.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
DOTTIE DEANS: Vermont casts our
votes -- Vermont
casts our votes, 22 votes for
our beloved
Senator Sanders.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
DOTTIE DEANS: And four for the
next president,
Hillary Clinton.
It is now my honor to present
our Senator
Bernie Sanders.
It is now my honor to present
our Senator
Bernie Sanders.
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
CROWD: Bernie!
Bernie!
SEN.
BERNIE SANDERS (VT-I),
Presidential Candidate:
Thank you.
Madam Chair, I move that the
convention suspend
the procedural rules.
I move that all votes, all votes
cast by delegates
be reflected in the official
record.
And I move that Hillary Clinton
be selected
as the nominee of the Democratic
Party for
president of the United States!
(CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)
GWEN IFILL: And with that,
Bernie Sanders,
by affirmation, moves for
Hillary Clinton
to become the first woman
nominee in a major
political party.
Hillary Clinton now has got
enough vote to
win the nomination, after all
the last-minute
drama.
They arranged it so that
Vermont, Judy, would
be able to come and cast this
final vote and
this final sign of unity for
Hillary Clinton.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There could not
be more of
a unified symbol coming out of
this convention.
We started yesterday watching
the boos.
Now we see this party coming
together.
Hillary Clinton is nominated the
Democratic
Party's choice for president.
GWEN IFILL: Hillary Clinton came
-- that is,
Bernie Sanders came to the floor
to make sure
that he did it.
Well, that's all you're going to
get tonight
from the Wells Fargo Arena here
in Philadelphia.
That's the "NewsHour" for now.
But stay with us.
We will be right back with Mark,
David and
Amy at 8:00 p.m. Eastern for
live special
coverage of the Democratic
National Convention
-- among tonight's featured
speakers, former
President Bill Clinton.
I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you.
And we will see you right back
here soon.